makes it different this time?
First of all, um there's a real
intention that they need to stabilize
the real estate problem. Um and there
is, you know, sufficient demand if
urbanization can continue and the rural
population can be properly integrated
into the formal economy. Um but also I I
still think that there are challenges
because local governments, they operate
in their own kind of autonomous sort of
way like any other government. They care
about social
stability. Maybe this is very um
politically incorrect to mention this,
but it's kind of like the immigration
issue, right? When you have lots of
people coming into their jurisdiction,
what do they do about local employment
and jobs and stability and so forth? So,
I think there's some challenges, but one
example is in Tangin, they want to um
obviously stabilize the real estate
sector. So one policy they proposed was
well anyone who buys a property here can
have access to local schools that will
stimulate a lot of demand. So you see
that there's still a lot of controls in